Update issue templates (#1322)
digital-asset/daml: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: DAML Feature request
about: Suggest an idea to improve DAML
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> **Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Is your feature request related to a problem? Tell us about it.**
```

> A description of what the problem is --- "I'm always frustrated when [...]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's really helpful when we understand _why_ you're making a feature request - for example, because it solves a problem you're having. Include A description of the problem here --- eg "I'm always frustrated when [...]"
```

> **Describe the solution you'd like**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What's your preferred solution?**
```

> What you want to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tell us what you'd want to happen.
```

> **Describe alternatives you've considered**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What alternatives might work for you?**
```

> Any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tell us about alternative solutions or features you've considered.
```

**Additional context**

> Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there's anything else you'd like to add about the feature request - like any other context, or screenshots - put it here.
```
